Automation examples for the Automation Service (#2311)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/automation-service/automation-service-examples.md

---
id: automation-service-examples
title: Automation Examples
sidebar_label: Automation Examples
description: See examples that show you how to create automations for different situations.   
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

{@import ../../reuse/automation-service-la-note.md}

> Following are examples that show you how to create automations with the Automation Service. The examples, which are listed in order from simple (performing a basic automation using an out-of-the-box integration) to complex (creating a custom integration), illustrate many of the tasks you’ll perform on a regular basis when you create your own automations. 

Author: ```suggestion
Following are examples that show you how to create automations with the Automation Service. The examples, which are listed in order from simple (performing a basic automation using an out-of-the-box integration) to advanced (creating a custom integration), illustrate many of the tasks you’ll perform on a regular basis when you create your own automations. 
```

> Following are examples that show you how to create automations with the Automation Service. The examples build from simple to complex, illustrating how to perform a simple automation using an out-of-the-box integration, all the way up to creating a custom integration. These examples illustrate many of the tasks you’ll perform on a regular basis when you create your own automations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are examples that show you how to create automations with the Automation Service. The examples, which are listed from simple (performing a basic automation using an out-of-the-box integration) to complex (creating a custom integration), illustrate many of the tasks you’ll perform on a regular basis when you create your own automations. 
```

> Following are examples that show you how to create automations with the Automation Service. The examples build from simple to complex, illustrating how to perform a simple automation using an out-of-the-box integration, all the way up to creating a custom integration. These examples illustrate many of the tasks you’ll perform on a regular basis when you create your own automations. 

Reviewer: I wonder if you should use "advanced" instead of "complex" so that it matches the header (_Advanced example_...)

Author: Excellent idea, @kimsauce. Done.

   1. Click the **Edit** button (pencil icon) at the bottom of the playbook view.
   1. Click the **Edit** button (pencil icon) on the **START** node.
   1. In the **Edit node** dialog, select **Insight** from the dropdown menu and click **UPDATE**.
   1. Click the **Add Node** button (**+** icon) on the **START** node.
   1. Select **Action**.
   1. In the **Add node** dialog, for **Integration** select **VirusTotal OIF**.
   1. Ensure that **Type** is **Enrichment**.
   1. For **Action**, select **IP reputation V3**.
   1. To the right of the **IPs** field, click the gear icon.
   1. Click **Playbook inputs** and select **input.entity.value**.
   1. Click **Create**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automation-examples-ip-reputation-v3-add-node.png')} alt="Add node for IP Reputation V3" width="500"/> 
1. Add an enrichment action to the playbook:
   1. Hover your mouse over the **IP reputation V3** node and click the **Add Node** button (**+** icon).
   1. Select **Action**.
   1. In the **Add node** dialog, for **Integration**, select **CSE Tools**.
   1. For **Type**, select **Notification**.
   1. For **Action**, select **Add Insight Enrichment**.

>    1. To the right of the **Insight ID** field click the gear icon.
>    1. Click **Playbook inputs** and select **input.readableId**.
>    1. In the **Enrichment name** field enter **VirusTotal IP reputation**.
>    1. To the right of the **Raw JSON** field click the gear icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. To the right of the **Insight ID** field, click the gear icon.
   1. Click **Playbook inputs** and select **input.readableId**.
   1. In the **Enrichment name** field, enter **VirusTotal IP reputation**.
   1. To the right of the **Raw JSON** field, click the gear icon.
```
